 Latest News   by Helen Partz   KernelDAO prepares for token launch, highlighting growth in BNB chain restaking   Bitcoin Pepe raised $3.9m in 25 days: the return of meme coin infrastructure   International Women’s Day Conference 2025: Accelerate   'Solana on Bitcoin' ICO: Bitcoin Pepe tops $3.7M   Zircuit launches Garfield testnet with Cancun and Pectra opcodes, enhanced prover   Chappyz announces strategic unification with Moonboots DAO and deepfabrik under Moonboots Labs Ecosystem   Changelly gifts $50 welcome bonuses to new mobile app users, only this march   Join the 5th edition of Next Block Expo – March 19-20, 2025!   Magma Finance: The next generation DEX on Sui   DavosWeb3 Roundtable 2025 concludes by accelerating the global Web3 movement   Memeagent is gaining attention – meeting Chad, the AI agent that’s changing the game   Bitlayer advances the first BitVM implementation through major strategic partnerships   14,500 turn out for AIBC Eurasia: Venue to double in size for 2026   H3 Entertainment’s Web3 short series "Cryptic Whale" draws global attention, announces Middle East filming   #Memhash now available on exchanges after successful mining phase   New layer 2 raises $3.6M, positioning meme coins as Bitcoin’s next growth driver   Cario introduces blockchain-based vehicle titling to modernize ownership and reduce costs   Saga launches Liquidity Integration Layer (LIL), revolutionizing cross chain liquidity   Errol Musk visits dubai: MuskIt token takes center stage in the future of Musk institute   Layer 2 breakthrough: Bitcoin meme chain raises $3.5 million   XT.COM x Rolling Stone China: HK VIP night showcases the power of BeyondTrade   Solaxy presale raises $25M for first Solana layer-2 solution   PHRZ: Built on trust, growing with the community   Solaxy presale hits new milestone as Trump’s US crypto reserve pledge sends Solana, Bitcoin soaring   Frog Knox: A transparent meme coin presale hits the market   Best Wallet launches full Bitcoin support in multi-chain upgrade   Solaxy defies crypto market dip to raise $23.5M through ICO   New Solana scaling solution Solaxy raises over $22M in presale funding   New Bitcoin rewards project BTC Bull Token raises $2M in first week of presale   BOBO meme token: The rising star set to shake up the crypto market   Web3 wallet Best Wallet reaches $10M milestone in token presale   New meme coin BTC Bull Token raises over $1M in first days of presale   New Bitcoin-rewards coin BTCBULL raises $500k in first 24 hours of presale   Solana layer-2 protocol Solaxy raises $19m in trending crypto presale   Meme Index raises $3.4m in presale for new diversified approach to meme coin investing   Wall Street Pepe presale hits $70m ahead of first exchange listing   New AI agent MIND of Pepe secures $5M in presale funding   New Solana layer-2 project Solaxy raises $17m ahead of launch   New Web3 platform Best Wallet nears $9M mark in token presale   Meme Index raises $3m in presale for community-governed memecoin investment platform   Solana layer-2 project Solaxy raises $15M in token presale   Wall Street Pepe raises $60M, 20 days until presale ends   The White House Crypto Summit brings top industry leaders together as President Trump’s Bitcoin reserve plans spark debate over the future of crypto policy in the US.   by Aaron Wood  Bitcoin commentators' attention switches to US macro data as the White House Crypto Summit arrives with the Strategic Reserve already in place.   by William Suberg  DeFi’s promise of decentralized finance is being undermined by increasing compliance measures, leading to potential censorship and loss of user control.   by Artem Tolkachev  SOL price risks a 25% drop as Donald Trump’s latest crypto executive order confirms no additional purchases of non-Bitcoin cryptocurrencies.   by Yashu Gola  Comedian TJ Miller is all in on Bitcoin. In a candid chat on Decentralize with Cointelegraph, he shares his love for BTC and why cultural adoption matters just as much as financial investment.   by Savannah Fortis  Treasury Secretary Bessent signaled that he would explore ways to acquire additional Bitcoin at the White House Crypto Summit on March 7.   by Vince Quill  Need to know what happened in crypto today? Here is the latest news on daily trends and events impacting Bitcoin price, blockchain, DeFi, NFTs, Web3 and crypto regulation.   by Cointelegraph  1inch confirmed that some resolvers using outdated Fusion v1 contracts lost funds in the $5 million exploit, assuring that end-user assets remained safe.   by Arijit Sarkar  Bitcoin analysts warn of limited upside after Trump’s reserve plan excludes new government purchases, with BTC struggling to hold above key resistance levels.   by Zoltan Vardai  Trump memecoin-linked accounts have reportedly earned at least $314 million from token sales and $36 million from fees on the Solana blockchain.   by Helen Partz  Trump’s US Bitcoin reserve is expected to drive global adoption, boost institutional investment and cement Bitcoin as a strategic asset, analysts say.   by Arijit Sarkar  If China has not yet sold its 195,000 Bitcoin seized from the PlusToken Ponzi scheme, it could use the funds to make a reserve rivaling the US.   by Ezra Reguerra  More than 20 key industry leaders are heading to the first White House Crypto Summit after US President Donald Trump ordered the establishment of separate Bitcoin and crypto reserves.   by Helen Partz  President Donald Trump’s executive order confirmed that Bitcoin is “no longer an outsider” among global financial assets.   by Zoltan Vardai  Bitcoin bulls are already reclaiming a BTC price slide that came after the Bitcoin Strategic Reserve executive order fell short of market expectations.   by William Suberg  Bitcoin may drop toward the range low at $78,200 range in the coming days if it loses the key support provided by the 200-day EMA trendline.   by Nancy Lubale  Wash trading and money laundering distort NFT markets, creating fake demand and facilitating illicit activities.   by Jagjit Singh  Swan Bitcoin CEO Cory Klippsten tells Cointelegraph that while Bitcoin is in a consolidation phase, he doesn’t see that “stretching into long-term sideways movement.”   by Ciaran Lyons Cointelegraph.com uses Cookies to ensure the best experience for you.
The highly anticipated White House Crypto Summit hosted by U.S. President Donald Trump is bringing together an exclusive group of the crypto industry's top players to discuss a strategic bitcoin reserve and digital assets policy in America. BakerHostetler Partner Teresa Goody Guillèn, economist Peter Schiff, Third Eye CEO Tian Zeng and more join CoinDesk Anchor Christine Lee to discuss who's attending, what can be achieved and how it will impact innovation and the markets. The approach to the newly announced bitcoin reserve grants that BTC deserves special treatment among digital assets, a White House official said. By Jesse Hamilton16 minutes ago  2 hours ago 3 hours ago The U.S. president directed his administration to establish a bitcoin reserve to hold seized assets, and it's setting up a separate crypto stockpile. 15 hours ago 10 hours ago 1 hour ago Traders are disappointed the crypto reserve plans won’t add any buying pressure to the market, at least in the near term, with few catalysts to buoy the market. 8 hours ago 2 hours ago 6 hours ago Most of these are covered calls, Deribit's Asia business development head said.  By Omkar GodboleMar 4, 2025 Most of these are covered calls, Deribit's Asia business development head said.  By Omkar GodboleMar 4, 2025 By Krisztian Sandor By Shaurya Malwa By Omkar Godbole By Shaurya Malwa By Shaurya Malwa By Tom Carreras By Omkar Godbole By James Van Straten, CoinDesk Bot By Omkar Godbole By Dominic Williams By Bohdan Opryshko By Tom Emmer, Ritchie Torres By Nic Carter Paid for by SagaSagaFeb 27, 2025 Paid for by NovastroNovastroFeb 18, 2025 Paid for by LTPLTPFeb 18, 2025 Paid for by Gate.ioGate.ioFeb 15, 2025 Paid for by Open Information InitiativeOpen Information InitiativeFeb 13, 2025 A number of U.S. states have rejected the idea of using bitcoin as a reserve asset due to its volatility, the report said. By Will Canny1 hour ago 2 hours ago 2 hours ago 2 hours ago MtnDAO is launching a token and a futarchy-powered investment fund to boot. By Danny Nelson1 hour ago 22 hours ago Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 After two buggy tests, Ethereum's developers have decided to spend a bit more time collecting data on the highly-anticipated Pectra upgrade. By Margaux Nijkerk22 hours ago Mar 6, 2025 Mar 6, 2025 Mar 5, 2025 The approach to the newly announced bitcoin reserve grants that BTC deserves special treatment among digital assets, a White House official said. By Jesse Hamilton16 minutes ago 15 hours ago 19 hours ago 19 hours ago Mainnets like Ethereum’s aren’t suitable for major (AAA) game development. The only real solution is a horizontally scalable blockchain coupled with modularity and a gas-free experience for end-users, says Jack O’Holleran, CEO of SKALE Labs.  By Jack O’HolleranJul 12, 2024 Jul 11, 2024 Jul 11, 2024 Jul 11, 2024 Buying solana (SOL) is straightforward, but with numerous crypto exchanges on the market, it's crucial potential investors consider other key factors before making a purchase.  By Joe LautzenhiserMay 15, 2024 May 2, 2024 Jan 12, 2024 Jan 12, 2024 About Contact

