Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Top Story It’s the Bond movies’ most shocking plot twist in decades. But will the tech giant’s surprise buyout of the franchise prove deadly? Or could it breathe new life into cinema’s most famous spy? After a reversed cancellation last year, the show will not return for a ninth season.  On a recent episode of 'The View,' the panelists discuss a scene from the latest 'White Lotus' episode where the trio of complicated friends learn that one of them voted for Donald Trump in the presidential election. Prosecutors also say that he forced an employee to have sex with him. Combs has denied the allegations.  THR's voice in the geek sphere '1923' actress Isabel May is also starring in the Lionsgate feature. Inside the show and biz of TV The Apple TV+ satire of Hollywood’s uneasy pursuit of art and profits from Lionsgate Television will bow March 26. Interviews with the people we're talking about. Spoilers ahead! Go behind the scenes of THR’s Style Issue cover shoot with Zoe Saldaña and her stylist Petra Flannery. How Hollywood Lives Send us a tip using our anonymous form. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. 
News and commentary on Amazon MGM's big move Latest updates and tributes for the Oscar-winning actor All the winners, fashion and speeches from the big night REVIEW | This is dance floor Gaga, free from the pretension that often casts a shadow on her catalog. She sounds like she's having fun, for the first time in a long time. 'Another Simple Favor,' 'The Threesome,' 'F–––toys,' 'The Age of Disclosure' and more will screen at SXSW. “The Summer I Turned Pretty” is now to set to end with its upcoming third season at Amazon Prime Video. 




	Amazon made the final season announcement on Friday. It was… Emerald Fennell has cast her young Heathcliff and Cathy — and young Jacob Elordi and Margot Robbie — in her upcoming all-star star adaptation of Emily Brönte’s… CBS has canceled its long-running action drama “S.W.A.T.” after eight seasons and 163 episodes, the show’s producers and stars were told on Thursday. But this represents… COVER STORY | How the video colossus launched the creator economy and turned from Hollywood foe to friend. 'Anora' won best picture, director, lead actress, original screenplay and editing. Baker ties Walt Disney for most Oscars won in a single night. 
			A Variety and iHeartRadio Podcast		 In Rungano Nyoni's darkly transfixing drama, a group of young women, nursing the scars of sexual abuse, chafe against quiet complicity when their shared perpetrator drops dead. Woody Harrelson and Simu Liu in a true-life undersea rescue thriller that takes you down and lifts you up. It recreates a saturation-diving accident with a specificity that's nearly journalistic. Anthony Mackie's slyly dogged Captain America has less superpower than his predecessor, and so does the film. But it's just fun enough, as Harrison Ford plays a president with anger-management issues. 'Interior Chinatown' Struggles to Turn an Allegorical Novel Into a Show HBO Prequel Series 'Dune: Prophecy' Capably Tailors the Epic Franchise to Television Taylor Sheridan's 'Landman' Gives the West Texas Oil Fields the 'Yellowstone' Treatment Eddie Redmayne and Lashana Lynch's 'The Day of the Jackal' Is an Exhilarating Assassin Thriller Billie Eilish and producer Finneas keep up their winning streak with a surprising and intimate third album. Childish Gambino's latest is a masterpiece, and a kaleidoscopic showcase for his seemingly endless talents. Vince Staples searches for light on his new album, his most vulnerable project to date. Dua Lipa's new album is a joyous blast of pop savvy. Sam Gold's production is an actorly face-off between Jeremy Strong and Michael Imperioli, but the script ultimately let's the audience off the hook. Patricia Clarkson gives a luminous performance in an otherwise uneven revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama. Strictly for the boomers. The stage adaptation has escapism, enchantment and heart, all elevated to new, literal heights that blend theater and cirque. Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! Perfection is rarely achieved in movies, but this heaven-sent concert doc hits the sweet spot. Over two days in January 1972, the Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin — she was 29 at the time — sweeps into the New Temple Missionary Baptist Church in Watts in front of a congregation and testifies to God in song. The blessed thing took nearly half a century to come out because director Sydney Pollack failed to sync the image with the sound. Then digital angels stepped in, and glory, glory, hallelujah! WB Games closing studios before "A Minecraft Movie" bows and "The Last of Us" returns underscores entertainment's gaming issues 'The Brutalist' followed with three wins. The Business of Entertainment These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.  
				Variety is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Variety Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC.
			

		The duo of Southern songwriters talk about growing up in Tennessee and Georgia and making space for queer artists in country music — a genre they both love	 
		A second superseding indictment accuses Combs of using threats and physical force to get one employee to engage in sex acts with him 	 
		Pop icon's latest features Gesaffelstein and Bruno Mars	 
		While we’re flagging inappropriate questions, maybe it’s time to start talking about who’s asking them	 
		Donald Trump and Elon Musk are blindly purging the government to make it more MAGA and cruel, ignoring the law, and cashing in like America has never seen	 
		The musician has the distinction of writing the first British punk single, 1976's "New Rose"	 
		The country star releases the official studio recording of her cover of the 1976 single after performing it live in Nashville for Ringo & Friends at the Ryman in January 	 
		"Carl and I fell in love when I was 18 and he was 23, and like all great love stories, they never end," the country superstar said the tune, following her husband's death earlier this week	 
		The singer also showcased her new single, "GFY," which arrived today 	 
		The actress reflected on her character Tanya not being part of the HBO show's current third season	 
		The duo have worked together in the past on hit singles like "Titanium" and "She Wolf" 	 
		The single marks the BTS member's first return to music following his military discharge in South Korea	 
		One Direction brought him to the height of stardom, but friends say years of hidden struggles and addictions led the pop star down a dark path. A Rolling Stone investigation	 
		With 25 years of this century in the books, here are the records that have defined our times	 
		The Seventies jazz-rock masterminds have never been more popular. So we're counting down the whole Dan catalog — the good, the bad, and the Gaucho  
Dimension 20 sold out Madison Square Garden — but that's only one part of the tabletop game's wild resurgence 	 
		The New York Dolls didn’t crack the Top 100, but they changed the world, and critic Robert Christgau was on the scene to see it happen	 
					“How do you tell your kid that they can’t get needed medical care because people don’t think that they should exist?”				 
		The actress reflected on her character Tanya not being part of the HBO show's current third season	 
		The duo have worked together in the past on hit singles like "Titanium" and "She Wolf" 	 
		The single marks the BTS member's first return to music following his military discharge in South Korea	 
		Roy Ayers was a beloved sample source who made it a point to collaborate with rappers as the genre rose to prominence 	 
		The "Tweaker" follow-up feels like another aughts-inspired club banger	 
		"All your girlfriends say I broke your fucking heart," the songwriter howls in the track off new album Foxes in the Snow  We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form. Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. 
