Bezzy communities provide meaningful connections with others living with chronic conditions. Join Bezzy on the web or mobile app. Can't get enough? Connect with us for all things health. What happens when you swap coffee for matcha? Kennedy’s shift in opinion comes amid a growing measles outbreak in western Texas. During uncertain times, these skills may help you process emotions and reactions. Vaccination against HPV could prevent 90% of cervical cancers. Some simple shifts can help you wake up in the morning. Are foods marketed as ‘healthy’ actually good for you? Filter out the noise and nurture your inbox with health and wellness advice that’s inclusive and rooted in medical expertise. Your privacy is important to us OUR BRANDS
Written by Maria Cohut, Ph.D. Written by Paul Ian Cross, PhD Written by Tim Newman Written by Jillian Kubala, MS, RD 10 studies cited  Written by Jessica Freeborn Written by Maria Cohut, Ph.D. Written by Katharine Lang Written by Corrie Pelc Written by Corrie Pelc Written by Paul Ian Cross, PhD Written by Katharine Lang Written by Jessica Freeborn Written by Erika Watts Written by Corrie Pelc How can we learn to spot inaccurate and even malicious health information? Why do we fall so easily for false health info, and how can we update our mistaken beliefs? This In Conversation episode answer these questions with the help of Prof. Stephan Lewandowsky and Dr. Jenny Yu. In this podcast episode, Medical News Today shares three actionable resolutions that can help improve brain, heart, and metabolic health in the new year via diet, sleep, and exercise. In this episode of In Conversation, we look at some of the most important information everyone should have about perimenopause and menopause with our special guest, Dr. Kate Clancy, from the University of Illinois. This podcast episode examines two studies that assess the impact type 2 diabetes has on brain health and explores three lifestyle interventions that may help slow down this cognitive decline. Written by James McIntosh Written by Stephanie Smith Written by Nadine Dirks Written by Erica Diebold Written by Kimberly Drake Written by Nadine Dirks Written by Katharine Lang Written by Corrie Pelc Written by Jessica Freeborn Written by Corrie Pelc Written by Erika Watts Written by Paul Ian Cross, PhD Written by Corrie Pelc Written by Maria Cohut, Ph.D. Written by Katharine Lang Written by Corrie Pelc In this Medical Myths feature, we look at 12 claims about irritable bowel syndrome, and whether or not they hold true. Two doctors explain why. Two medical experts help Medical News Today debunk 10 prevalent myths about endometriosis in this Medical Myths feature. This Medical Myths feature looks at 10 common misconceptions about stroke, and explains, with input from a medical expert, why they are untrue. Here, we address 11 myths about chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Among other topics, we cover exercise, body weight, and treatments. In this feature, we address 13 common myths and misconceptions regarding lung cancer. Among other topics, we cover smoking, pollution, and antioxidants. Here, we cover 12 persistent myths surrounding IBD. Among other topics, we will discuss treatment, stress, personality, and symptoms beyond the gut. Written by Lindsey DeSoto, RDN, LD Written by Amber Charles Alexis, MSPH, RDN Written by Lindsey DeSoto, RDN, LD Written by Amber Charles Alexis, MSPH, RDN Written by Deep Shukla Written by Annie Lennon Written by Robby Berman Written by Katharine Lang Written by Yvette Brazier 10 studies cited  Written by Tracey Williams Strudwick 28 studies cited  Written by Jennifer Huizen 10 studies cited  Written by Jennifer Berry 5 studies cited  Written by Jenna Fletcher 3 studies cited  Written by Jayne Leonard 37 studies cited  Written by Jayne Leonard and Jenna Fletcher 9 studies cited  Written by MaryAnn De Pietro, CRT 8 studies cited  Written by Jayne Leonard 9 studies cited  Written by Jenna Fletcher 6 studies cited  Written by Jayne Leonard 8 studies cited  Foods, lifestyle choices, medications, and disease can all cause constipation. However, there are many remedies available. Learn about 13 of them here. Written by Tim Newman 1 study cited  Written by Jayne Leonard 11 studies cited  Written by Jenna Fletcher 6 studies cited  Written by Jayne Leonard and Hana Ames 14 studies cited  Written by Jayne Leonard 16 studies cited  Written by Mary West 8 studies cited  Written by Zawn Villines 5 studies cited  Written by Kerri-Ann Jennings, MS, RD 40 studies cited  Keep up with the ever-changing world of medical science with new and emerging developments in health.  Your privacy is important to us OUR BRANDS
Experts push to end weight bias and reshape views on obesity. Learn how weight loss drugs are changing health outcomes. Boosting daily movement, especially through step count, is key to better health and longevity. Learn why it’s the most powerful fitness stat. Expert Insights From John Whyte, MD WebMD Chief Medical Officer Uncover a fresh take on obesity management, from modest weight loss benefits to the latest treatments and tips for reaching your goals. Asthma is more likely to affect certain racial and ethnic groups. Learn more about the reasons for these disparities and some potential solutions. Find out how to keep enjoying your hobbies, household tasks, and daily routines while living with age-related macular degeneration (AMD). As a leader in digital health publishing for more than 25 years, WebMD strives to maintain the most comprehensive and reliable source of health and medical information on the internet. We recognize the responsibility that comes along with being the most well-known and trusted health information platform — and we take that responsibility seriously by: Policies About For Advertisers  © 2005 - 2025 WebMD LLC, an Internet Brands company. All rights reserved. WebMD does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. See additional information.
