Hines, 59, is said to be eager to relocate from the couple's $6.6 million California home so she can be with her husband.  The Netflix documentary "Chaos: The Manson Murders" will reveal shocking new insights into the crimes of Charles Manson and his followers. Jennifer Lopez was reported to have been "in negotiations" to buy the 14-bedroom property in September after her divorce from Ben Affleck.  Buying a fixer-upper can be a dream for many. But in some circumstances, there can also be unpleasant surprises.  They can choose to pass higher costs along to consumers, which will mean higher home prices, or try to use less of these materials. - DANIELLE HALE | Chief Economist  Homebuilders Warn of Rising Building Costs as Trump’s Tariffs on Canada and Mexico Take Effect Parts of the U.S. with low to moderate property tax rates have been seeing an influx of retirees who are leaving areas with high tax rates. Danielle Hale Realtor.com Chief Economist Read the full article It is still very early in 2025, but the housing market is now really showing the slowdown we anticipated from the late 2024 spike in mortgage rates.  February 28, 2025 Get real estate news sent to your inbox The Ohio dwelling, which featured on HGTV's "Cheap Old Houses" in 2021, has become a local hot spot thanks to its witchy turret. A Lake Tahoe compound and a Hawaii home owned by "Yellowstone" star Barret Swatek are duking it out on the most expensive homes list.  If you own a hot tub, there are several factors to consider to ensure you're not turning off a potential buyer. While attending the Oscars is a privilege afforded to a lucky few, hosting a viewing party in a home theater is the next best thing.  Parts of the U.S. with low to moderate property tax rates have been seeing an influx of retirees who are leaving areas with high tax rates. The average rate on 30-year fixed home loans dropped to 6.63% for the week ending March 6, down substantially from 6.76% the prior week. The interior designer behind the project talks about reimagining a 2,900-square-foot Nolita condo the pop star sold last year. The Ohio dwelling, which featured on HGTV's "Cheap Old Houses" in 2021, has become a local hot spot thanks to its witchy turret. The Ohio dwelling, which featured on HGTV's "Cheap Old Houses" in 2021, has become a local hot spot thanks to its witchy turret. A Lake Tahoe compound and a Hawaii home owned by "Yellowstone" star Barret Swatek are duking it out on the most expensive homes list.  All you need to know about pre-qualifications, pre-approvals, and contingencies—and why it's crucial to have your own real estate agent. Homeowners hoping to leave their homes to loved ones when they pass away might consider using a "lady bird deed" to make the transition easy.  A proposed law could reduce residential property taxes by increasing taxes on second homes to curb the burden on residents. Discover key trends, design innovations, and economic insights for homebuyers and sellers in 2025, including interest rates, design trends, and market shifts. HOA rules can oversee a variety of issues. But when it comes to disputes between neighbors, these regulations can be murky. Planning a home renovation this spring? Protect your home from theft, damage, and hazards with these key safety tips. Looking to buy your first home? You've come to the right place. This guide helps service member families navigate the homebuying process. We cover all the steps from understanding the current housing market to finding the right real estate agent. Get real estate news sent to your inbox Get the app 

For further information, do not hesitate to contact us. Ref: 14.139.196.193 2025-03-07T16:06:26.033Z
