Every print subscription comes with full digital access 
				A 1-degree-Celsius change in water temperature prompts sea turtles in Northern Cyprus to lay eggs nearly a week earlier on average. 			 Headlines and summaries of the latest Science News articles, delivered to your email inbox every Thursday. 
				Logistical needs, like employment and housing, along with psychological needs must be met after disasters like the LA wildfires, research shows.			 
				This article has been paid for and developed by Society for Science.			 
		Science News Magazine	 

		March 1, 2025	

Vol. 207		

No. 3		
 
				In the fourth episode of The Deep End, Jon Nelson and others describe dealing with emotions they haven’t felt in a long time.			 Science News was founded in 1921 as an independent, nonprofit source of accurate information on the latest news of science, medicine and technology. Today, our mission remains the same: to empower people to evaluate the news and the world around them. It is published by the Society for Science, a nonprofit 501(c)(3) membership organization dedicated to public engagement in scientific research and education (EIN 53-0196483). 
				© Society for Science & the Public 2000–2025. All rights reserved.			 Subscribers, enter your e-mail address for full access to the Science News archives and digital editions. Not a subscriber?
Become one now.
We use essential cookies to make sure the site can function. We also use optional cookies for advertising, personalisation of content, usage analysis, and social media. By accepting optional cookies, you consent to the processing of your personal data - including transfers to third parties. Some third parties are outside of the European Economic Area, with varying standards of data protection. See our privacy policy for more information on the use of your personal data. Manage preferences for further information and to change your choices. Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain
            the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in
            Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles
            and JavaScript. Advertisement Analysis pokes holes in protocol that underpins Microsoft’s claim to have created the first topological qubits.
 Analysis pokes holes in protocol that underpins Microsoft’s claim to have created the first topological qubits. Study that hyped the toxicity of black plastic utensils inspires projects that use large language models to check papers. Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. The US National Institutes of Health is terminating swathes of diversity- and climate-related grants. Plus, the second X chromosome in female cells might explain why women tend to be more resilient to cognitive decline than men. Andrew Robinson reviews five of the best science picks. Current approaches to pain relief are falling short. Chemically modifying a synthetic cannabinoid could enable scientists to capitalize on the body’s natural pain-killing pathway without evoking drug tolerance or psychoactivity. QLEDs — light-emitting diodes that rely on nanocrystals called quantum dots — are usually made with toxic heavy metals. A strategy has been developed to make QLEDs with a performance comparable to that of commercially available technologies but using a more environmentally friendly alloy of zinc, selenium, tellurium and sulfur, by improving the distribution of the tellurium atoms. To survive, animals must continually decide whether to persevere with their current goal, switch to a new one or disengage altogether. Three genetically defined types of neuronal cell in a small midbrain area called the median raphe nucleus are shown to control decisions about whether to persevere, explore or disengage. A compilation of genomes from species in the genus Solanum could help scientists to blend the best aspects of productive staple crops and genetically diverse but under-studied indigenous crops. Nitrogen-isotope analysis provides geochemical evidence that, similar to modern corals, some extinct coral groups had a symbiotic association with photosynthetic microorganisms. This ‘photosymbiosis’ might have contributed to the high productivity of ancient reefs in low-nutrient environments and puts long-term ecological research on ancient reefs into a fresh perspective. Inhibition of cyclooxygenase 1 releases T cells from immunosuppression by platelet-derived thromboxane A2, thereby enhancing the immune response against metastasis. By suppressing compositional heterogeneities in cadmium-free quantum dots, environmentally friendly pure-blue-light-emitting diodes with enhanced efficiencies, lifetimes and spectral purity are achieved, rivalling state-of-the-art cadmium-based blue quantum-dot light-emitting diodes. Analysis of gravitational waves from merging binary neutron stars was accelerated using machine learning, enabling full low-latency parameter estimation and enhancing the potential for multi-messenger observations. cAMP produced by the TIR1/AFB receptors of the main endogenous developmental plant hormone auxin acts as a true second messenger, revising the established paradigm of transcriptional auxin signalling. Advertisement Tampa, Florida H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute APPLICATION CLOSING DATE: April 13th, 2025 The integration of Artificial Intelligence, mathematical modelling, and advanced computational simulati... Milan (IT) Human Technopole The Center for Computational Life Sciences offers multiple faculty positions in contemporary AI/ML and/or quantum computational sciences. Cleveland, Ohio Cleveland Clinic - Computational Life Sciences HT is an interdisciplinary research institute, created and supported by the Italian government, whose aim is to develop innovative strategies to pr... Milan (IT) Human Technopole Das Max-Delbrück-Centrum für Molekulare Medizin in der Helmholtz-Gemeinschaft (Max Delbrück Center) ist ein international führendes biomedizinische... Berlin (DE) Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC) Advertisement Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter — what matters in science, free to your inbox daily. 
        Top headline image: John Brecher for Microsoft
     
        Issue cover: Cover image: Corentin Bisot.
     

                    Nature (Nature)
                

ISSN 1476-4687 (online)
    

ISSN 0028-0836 (print)
    
 © 2025 Springer Nature Limited
COVID Pandemic Fatigue Has Left the U.S. Vulnerable to New Threats The “quarantine fatigue” of 2020 became an ongoing “pandemic fatigue,” a complex set of emotions that continues to affect the nation Meghan Bartels Why Is the Trump Administration Politicizing Weather? Megha Satyanarayana Author John Green on How Tuberculosis Shaped Our Modern World Rachel Feltman, Fonda Mwangi, Naeem Amarsy, Alex Sugiura How to Watch the Total Lunar Eclipse on March 13 Phil Plait Hard Sudoku: March 7, 2025  Why Great Storytellers Find Life More Meaningful Ron Shachar NASA’s Voyager Probes Lose One Instrument Each as Power Wanes Meghan Bartels Intuitive Machines’ Athena Lander Reaches the Moon Lopsided—Just like Its Predecessor Gayoung Lee Trump's CDC Firings Will Gut Public Health at the State and Local Level Rachana Pradhan, KFF Health News The Brain Science of Elusive ‘Aha! Moments’ John Kounios, Yvette Kounios The Beauty of ‘Slow Flowers’ versus the Pretty Poison of Plants Grown with Dangerous Chemicals Maryn McKenna Where Are the Universe’s Missing Planets? Dakotah Tyler This Backyard Bird Has a Lot to Teach Us about Sex Variability Donna L. Maney Is It Time to Redefine Time? Jay Bennett Too Much Salt in the Soil Is No Problem for These Crops Rachel Parsons Create as many words as you can! Stretch your math muscles with these puzzles. Inside the AI Competition That Decoded an Ancient Herculaneum Scroll Tomas Weber Building Intelligent Machines Helps Us Learn How Our Brain Works George Musser God Chatbots Offer Spiritual Insights on Demand. What Could Go Wrong? Webb Wright Artificial Intelligence Could Finally Let Us Talk with Animals Lois Parshley Will Machines Ever Become Conscious? Christof Koch Scientists Are Putting ChatGPT Brains Inside Robot Bodies. What Could Possibly Go Wrong? David Berreby Thank you for signing up! Check out our other newsletters Author John Green on How Tuberculosis Shaped Our Modern World Rachel Feltman, Fonda Mwangi, Naeem Amarsy, Alex Sugiura How Plastics in the Brain Connect to the Wider Debate over Petroleum Rachel Feltman, Megha Satyanarayana, Fonda Mwangi, Naeem Amarsy, Alex Sugiura The Latest on Measles in the U.S, a Mystery Illness in the DRC and the Flu Vaccines Rachel Feltman, Fonda Mwangi, Alex Sugiura Why You Can’t Get That Song Out of Your Head Rachel Feltman, Josh Fischman, Fonda Mwangi Saying Farewell to the Gaia Mission, Which Mapped the Milky Way Rachel Feltman, Lee Billings, Jeffery DelViscio, Madison Goldberg How Anime Fans Stumbled upon a Mathematical Proof When a fan of a cult anime series wanted to watch its episodes in every possible order, they asked a question that had perplexed combinatorial mathematicians for years Manon Bischoff Your Candy Cravings Might Be Controlled by This Gut Bacterium Mouse and human studies suggest a connection between a gut microbe and the appetite-regulating hormone GLP-1 Claire Maldarelli Company Seeking to Resurrect the Woolly Mammoth Creates a 'Woolly Mouse' On their quest to bring back the extinct woolly mammoth, Colossal Biosciences has developed the woolly mouse Adam Popescu In the Quantum Realm, Time’s Arrow Might Fly in Two Directions Scientists studying a centuries-old mystery of physics suggest two “arrows of time” control the evolution of quantum systems Gayoung Lee Most People Stop Ozempic after Two Years. What Happens to Weight and Health? Ozempic and similar GLP-1 weight-loss medications are designed to be a lifelong treatment. But a new study finds the majority of people who use these drugs quit after just two years Lori Youmshajekian Neuroscientists Should Set a High Bar for Evidence against Free Will Neuroscience research claiming to question the existence of free will may have been misinterpreted Aaron Schurger, Adina Roskies, Uri Maoz Learn and share the most exciting discoveries, innovations and ideas shaping our world today. Follow Us: Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers. © 2024 SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, A DIVISION OF SPRINGER NATURE AMERICA, INC.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. We use cookies to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage & personalize content to provide social media features and to improve our marketing efforts. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for the described purposes. View Our Privacy Policy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. These cookies may be set through our site by ourselves. They may be used by ourselves to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant content or adverts on our sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you may experience less personalised content and/or advertising. These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Allowing third-party ad tracking and third-party ad serving through Google and other vendors to occur. Please see more information on Google Ads  
