To manage favorites please sign-in or create a MyDisney account. Welcome to ESPN India Edition To manage favorites please sign-in or create a MyDisney account. Nine months after his retirement left behind a burning question for Indian football, Sunil Chhetri is back with the answer - it's him. Chhetri retired after India's 0-0 draw against Kuwait in June last year -- a result that played a role in the team missing out on qualifying for the next round of the FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Manchester United were unable to take advantage of the first leg of their Europa League tie against Real Sociedad, which could come back to haunt them. Tottenham Hotspur suffered a 1-0 defeat at AZ Alkmaar in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie on Thursday. The Premier League Top 50 returns to rank the best players from Liverpool, Arsenal, Man United and more. Who tops our first ranking of 2025? In his debut column, ESPN FC analyst and former Man City defender Nedum Onuoha looks at how the final stretch of the season is about getting it done. Here are all the updates from Indian sport on March 7, 2025. Liverpool, Tottenham, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich are all reportedly interested in Lamine Camara. Transfer Talk has the latest news, gossip and rumors. Matchweek 23 of the Indian Super League will give a clearer picture about who makes the playoffs this season. ISL 2024-25 has been a thrilling ride, with three teams still in contention for two remaining playoff spots. Here's the 2025 sporting calendar to keep track of big tournaments and ESPN India's coverage. ESPN's coverage of the 2025 Indian Women's League (IWL) all in one place. From D Gukesh to Manu Bhaker, from Avani Lekhara to Harvinder Singh, we profile Indian sports' best in 2024. Your one-stop shop for the latest news and features on Indians competing at the Olympic Games Paris 2024. Your one-stop shop for the latest video reactions and analysis on Indians competing at the Olympic Games Paris 2024. India at the Olympics has quite the history, with medals dating back to pre-Independence in 1900. We look across the country's sporting ecosystem, from big clubs to neighbourhood academies, to see how they're affected. Results and scores from the Premier League, Champions League, La Liga, English football league and more. Superstar athletes, magical moments, and more -- ESPN celebrates the best of the best in Indian sport from the last decade
Upgrade to Sky Sports to experience more exclusive live sport than anywhere else. Get instant access to all 12 Sky Sports channels, every Sky Sports+ stream, and much more.  Contract-free memberships available. 



                            © 2025 Sky UK
                        
Football latest: Roberts ban extended to six games after Mateta challenge All the latest football news and Premier League news conferences as Arne Slot, Ange Postecoglou, Mikel Arteta, Pep Guardiola and others speak to the media before the weekend's action. I won't get time Arteta had at Arsenal - Amorim 'Not luck if you work as hard as we do' - Slot What is at stake at under-pressure Red Bull? Prodigy who roomed with Bellingham eyes revival under Maradona's son Littler triumphs as Brighton sees two nine-darters Dupont v Gibson-Park - the intriguing game within a game ECB apologises for Pope Francis Ashes post joke Newcastle defender Botman out for eight weeks Man Utd plotting Mateta move - Friday's gossip Stokes considered as England white-ball captain Neymar returns to Brazil squad after 17-month absence Watch: YouTuber MrBeast crashes Formula E car. Video, 00:00:30Watch: YouTuber MrBeast crashes Formula E car Uncle Harry is 'the best supporter ever' - Lampard. Video, 00:02:01Uncle Harry is 'the best supporter ever' - Lampard Mourinho falls asleep during reporter's long question. Video, 00:00:34Mourinho falls asleep during reporter's long question Chelsea must finish in top four - Colwill. Video, 00:04:03Chelsea must finish in top four - Colwill 'Arriving in red will be cool' - Hamilton's Melbourne excitement. Video, 00:01:12'Arriving in red will be cool' - Hamilton's Melbourne excitement 'Not too stressed' - Russell ignores miss critics Scotland co-captain Finn Russell says he pays little attention to criticism directed at him, and has moved on quickly from his crucial missed kick against England. Ecclestone sells car collection for record price Chelsea boss Maresca 'light years' ahead - Colwill Lowry and McIlroy in early contention at Bay Hill Tearful Kyrgios retires injured in Indian Wells How much do Premier League clubs make from tickets? Roberts ban for Mateta challenge increased to six games Russell won't 'bow down' to Verstappen. Video, 00:02:35Russell won't 'bow down' to Verstappen Ferguson 'not carried away after brilliant result' Video, 00:00:58Ferguson 'not carried away after brilliant result' 'Liverpool must improve in PSG second leg' Video, 00:02:17'Liverpool must improve in PSG second leg' 'How on earth do you leave him out?' - the Kane debate. Video, 00:01:10'How on earth do you leave him out?' - the Kane debate Jonas' trainer unhappy with 'uncalibrated' scales. Video, 00:01:17Jonas' trainer unhappy with 'uncalibrated' scales Ex-Olympic champion Jones quits taekwondo for boxing Wales' double Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones is switching sports and has taken up boxing. Man City ban 165 fan accounts for ticket touting Raducanu 'didn't feel anxious' in Indian Wells loss Australian great Stolle dies aged 86 GB win mixed 4x400m relay bronze at European indoors 'Dessers leads way for weirdest Rangers team ever' WTA players to receive maternity pay for first time Doncic and James power Lakers to another win as Curry shines Star duo Luka Doncic and LeBron James combine again as the LA Lakers extend their winning streak to eight games TMS' Champions Trophy team of the tournament NZ hopeful bowler Henry will be fit for India final 'Fears' for domestic impact of $1bn Club World Cup prize pot 'Uncalibrated' scales drama as Jonas & Price weigh in Superpowers & genius - Italy's 'Brexoncello' take aim at England Taylor & Serrano return to New York for trilogy fight Inside the doping deal for tennis' world number one How did Jannik Sinner’s drugs ban deal come about and where does it leave the fight against doping in tennis? How does Daniel Levy run Tottenham - and would he ever leave? 'Like a Jason Bourne movie' - how Afghan women's team fled Taliban The Treble to the periphery - what's going on with Grealish? The painful divorce of Marcus Rashford and Manchester United Cole Palmer - made in the Caribbean How to become a football agent Scotland wary of Wales team 'playing with freedom' 'Performance of my life' - Liverpool saved by 'best in world' Alisson In Pictures: Sporting photos of the week Taylor seeks 'perfect response' as two-weight champion 'Chin up, kid, it all works out in the end' - Jonas' 'sliding doors' moments Rugby Union Weekly. Six Nations: Doris returns and France go 7:1. Audio, 44 minutesRugby Union Weekly Six Nations: Doris returns and France go 7:1 Chris is joined by Johnnie Beattie and Paul Eddison to dissect the teams for round four. Sportshour: Bouncing back. Audio, 40 minutesSportshour: Bouncing back Tailenders: The Shark Sized Banana. Audio, 45 minutesTailenders: The Shark Sized Banana Football Daily. Euro Leagues: Great goalkeepers, an inspired Isco & Sociedad weather. Audio, 45 minutesFootball Daily Euro Leagues: Great goalkeepers, an inspired Isco & Sociedad weather Stumped: Flower on the key to coaching Kohli. Audio, 40 minutesStumped: Flower on the key to coaching Kohli Football Daily. Champions League Debrief: Awesome Alisson stars in stunning Liverpool win. Audio, 29 minutesFootball Daily Champions League Debrief: Awesome Alisson stars in stunning Liverpool win Discover the BBC's best sports podcasts More from BBC News Where and how to watch BBC News Premier League European Football Instagram TikTok Facebook X YouTube Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
